Add metrics [AddEntryWithReplicasBytesRate] for namespace (#11472)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-metrics.md

| pulsar_storage_write_rate | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) written to the storage for this namespace (message batches / second). |
| pulsar_storage_read_rate | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) read from the storage for this namespace (message batches / second). |
| pulsar_subscription_delayed | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) are delayed for dispatching. |

> | pulsar_total_write_entries_size | Gauge | The total write entries size . |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_total_write_entries_size | Gauge | The total size of write entries (in bytes). |
```

Reviewer: Do you mean this? Correct me if I'm wrong.

> | pulsar_total_write_entries_logical_size | Gauge | The total write entries size (without accounting for replicas). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_total_write_entries_logical_size | Gauge | The total size of write entries without replicas (in bytes). |
```

> | pulsar_total_read_entries_size | Gauge | The total read entries size. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_total_read_entries_size | Gauge | The total size of read entries (in bytes). |
```

| pulsar_throughput_in | Gauge | The total throughput of the topic coming into this broker (bytes/second). |
| pulsar_throughput_out | Gauge | The total throughput of the topic going out from this broker (bytes/second). |
| pulsar_storage_size | Gauge | The total storage size of the topics in this topic owned by this broker (bytes). |

> | pulsar_storage_logical_size | Gauge | The storage size (without accounting for replicas) of the topics in this namespace owned by this broker (bytes). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_storage_logical_size | Gauge | The storage size of topics in the namespace owned by the broker without replicas (in bytes). |
```

| pulsar_storage_backlog_size | Gauge | The total backlog size of the topics of this topic owned by this broker (messages). |
| pulsar_storage_offloaded_size | Gauge | The total amount of the data in this topic offloaded to the tiered storage (bytes). |
| pulsar_storage_backlog_quota_limit | Gauge | The total amount of the data in this topic that limit the backlog quota (bytes). |
| pulsar_storage_write_rate | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) written to the storage for this topic (message batches / second). |
| pulsar_storage_read_rate | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) read from the storage for this topic (message batches / second). |
| pulsar_subscription_delayed | Gauge | The total message batches (entries) are delayed for dispatching. |

> | pulsar_total_write_entries_size | Gauge | The total write entries size . |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_total_write_entries_size | Gauge | The total size of write entries (in bytes). |
```

| pulsar_total_write_entries_logical_size | Gauge | The total write entries size (without accounting for replicas). |

> | pulsar_total_read_entries_size | Gauge | The total read entries size. |

Reviewer: same
